README.md, before:

# frontend-solid-shop

The Solid Shop is a user-powered shopping ecosystem by use of SOLID PODs. This does the frontend part.

## Prerequisites

You will need the following things properly installed on your computer.

* [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (with npm)
* [Ember CLI](https://cli.emberjs.com/release/)
* [Google Chrome](https://google.com/chrome/)

## Installation

* `git clone git@github.com:redpencilio/frontend-solid-shop.git` this repository
* `cd frontend-solid-shop`
* `npm install`

## Running / Development

* `ember serve --proxy http://127.0.0.1:8080` (`8080` being the port of mu-identifier)
* Visit your app at [http://localhost:4200](http://localhost:4200).
* Visit your tests at [http://localhost:4200/tests](http://localhost:4200/tests).

### Code Generators

Make use of the many generators for code, try `ember help generate` for more details

### Running Tests

* `ember test`
* `ember test --server`

### Linting

* `npm run lint`
* `npm run lint:fix`

### Building

* `ember build` (development)
* `ember build --environment production` (production)

### Deploying

Specify what it takes to deploy your app.

## Further Reading / Useful Links

* [ember.js](https://emberjs.com/)
* [ember-cli](https://cli.emberjs.com/release/)
* Development Browser Extensions
  * [ember inspector for chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ember-inspector/bmdblncegkenkacieihfhpjfppoconhi)
  * [ember inspector for firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/ember-inspector/)

Commit message:

docs: Add note about contribution and Conventional Commits

README.md, after:

# frontend-solid-shop

The Solid Shop is a user-powered shopping ecosystem by use of SOLID PODs. This does the frontend part.

## Prerequisites

You will need the following things properly installed on your computer.

* [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (with npm)
* [Ember CLI](https://cli.emberjs.com/release/)
* [Google Chrome](https://google.com/chrome/)

## Installation

* `git clone git@github.com:redpencilio/frontend-solid-shop.git` this repository
* `cd frontend-solid-shop`
* `npm install`

## Running / Development

* `ember serve --proxy http://127.0.0.1:8080` (`8080` being the port of mu-identifier)
* Visit your app at [http://localhost:4200](http://localhost:4200).
* Visit your tests at [http://localhost:4200/tests](http://localhost:4200/tests).

### Code Generators

Make use of the many generators for code, try `ember help generate` for more details

### Running Tests

* `ember test`
* `ember test --server`

### Linting

* `npm run lint`
* `npm run lint:fix`

### Building

* `ember build` (development)
* `ember build --environment production` (production)

### Deploying

Specify what it takes to deploy your app.

## Contribution

We make use of [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/).

When making changes to a pull request, we prefer to update the existing commits with a rebase instead of appending new commits.

## Further Reading / Useful Links

* [ember.js](https://emberjs.com/)
* [ember-cli](https://cli.emberjs.com/release/)
* Development Browser Extensions
  * [ember inspector for chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ember-inspector/bmdblncegkenkacieihfhpjfppoconhi)
  * [ember inspector for firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/ember-inspector/)
